feat(perfmon): Polish up native performance monitoring (#4640)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation.mdx

</Note>

<PlatformSection supported={["native"]}>

<Alert level="info" title="Important">

> This is currently an experimental feature. Performance monitoring is still a work-in-progress feature, and its API may be unstable. It may also have bugs. Feedback is appreciated, and should be submitted as an issue in the appropriate repository.

Reviewer: same?

Author: pointing to https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/4640#discussion_r792867942 just for completeness.

Reviewer 2: "This is currently an experimental feature. Performance monitoring is still a work-in-progress feature […]" is a bit repetitive, I would suggest condensing these two statements.

> <Alert level="info" title="Important">
> 
> This is currently an experimental feature. Performance monitoring is still a work-in-progress feature, and its API may be unstable. It may also have bugs. Feedback is appreciated, and should be submitted as an issue in the appropriate repository.
> 
> </Alert>

Reviewer 3: same comment as above

```suggestion
<Note>

This is currently an experimental feature. Performance monitoring is still a work-in-progress feature, and its API may be unstable. It may also have bugs. Feedback is appreciated, and should be submitted as an issue in the appropriate repository.

</Note>
```
